feat(changelog): messaging-and-queuing-changed-messaging-and-queuing-sns 2024-06-25 (#3389)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2024/2024-06-25-messaging-and-queuing-changed-messaging-and-queuing-sns.mdx

---
title: Messaging and Queuing SNS is now in General Availability
status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #messaging-queuing channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-06-25
category: serverless
product: messaging-and-queuing
---

> Scaleway SNS is a fully managed pub/sub solution for sending notifications and messages between cloud products. It is natively integrated with our Serverless ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Scaleway Messaging and Queueing SNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/quickstart/#quickstart-for-sns) is a fully managed pub/sub solution for sending notifications and messages between cloud products. It is natively integrated with our Serverless ecosystem.
```

> It is now in General Availability, and you can use it for your use cases in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now in General Availability, ready for your production use cases.
```

> [Scaleway Messaging and Queueing SNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/quickstart/#quickstart-for-sns) is a fully managed pub/sub solution for sending notifications and messages between cloud products. It is natively integrated with our Serverless ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Scaleway Messaging and Queuing SNS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/quickstart/#quickstart-for-sns) is a fully managed pub/sub solution for sending notifications and messages between cloud products. It is natively integrated with our Serverless ecosystem.
```
